1. get-config(source, filter) → data
Retrieve all or part of the configuration datastore source.

2. edit-config(target, default-operation, test-option, error-option, config)
Edit the configuration datastore target by merging, replacing, creating, or deleting new config elements. The test-option parameter allows you to do a “dry run”
while the error-option parameter controls how the server reacts to errors (stop, continue, rollback).

3. copy-config(target, source)
Copy the content of the configuration datastore source to the configuration datastore target.

4. delete-config(target)
Delete the named configuration datastore target.

5. lock(target)
Lock the configuration datastore target.

6. unlock(target)
Unlock the configuration datastore target.

7. validate(source)
Validate the configuration datastore source (:validate capability).

8. get(filter) → data
Retrieve all or part of the running configuration data store and merged with the device’s state information.

9. close-session()
Gracefully close the current session.

10. kill-session(session-id)
Force the termination of the session session-id.

11. discard-changes()
Revert the candidate configuration datastore to the running configuration (:candidate capability).

12. commit(confirmed, confirm-timeout, persist, persist-id)
Commit the candidate to the running configuration datastore with an optional automatic rollback (:candidate, :confirmed-commit capability).

13. cancel-commit(persist-id)
Cancel an ongoing confirmed commit identified by persist-id (:confirmed-commit capability).

14. partial-lock(select)
Create a partial lock on the running configuration datastore on the nodes / subtree identified by the select XPath expression (RFC 5717).

15. partial-unlock(lock-id)
Remove a previously established partial lock (RFC 5717).

16. create-subscription(stream, filter, start, stop)
Subscribe to a notification stream using an optional filter; the optional start/stop times support the replay of notifications (RFC 5277).

NOTE: Embedded operation attributes specify how a configuration is modified by an edit-config() configuration.

17. merge:
Configuration data is merged with the configuration.

18. replace:
Configuration data replaces existing configuration.

19. create:
Configuration data is added iff it does not already exist.

20. delete:
Configuration data is deleted from the datastore.